Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#93)
kubeedge/website: CONTRIBUTING.md

> the [Contributor Guide](https://kubeedge.netlify.com/docs/about/contributing/) on website

Reviewer: Could you please update this to the actual link [https://docs.kubeedge.io/en/latest/contributing/contribute.html](https://docs.kubeedge.io/en/latest/contributing/contribute.html)

> the [Contributor Guide](https://kubeedge.netlify.com/docs/about/contributing/) on website

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the [Contributor Guide](docs.kubeedge.io/en/latest/contributing/contribute.html) on website

```

provides more detailed instructions on how to get your ideas and bug fixes seen and accepted.

> [kubeEdge-website-repo]: https://github.com/seattle-cloud-lab/kubeedge-website

Reviewer: Change the URL to [https://github.com/kubeedge/website/](https://github.com/kubeedge/website/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[kubeEdge-website-repo]: https://github.com/kubeedge/website

```
